# PatientPal
It is a robot for helping the sick and old man in our house. Here we used an oximeter which can measure the heart rate as well as the oxygen level in the blood of the man. There also a gas sensor to will notify us whether if there happened a sudden accident of leakage in the room of the sick man by measuring the gas level in the air. There also a humidity and a temperature sensor to sensor to measure the humidity and temperature of the room. All that measure will be shown in front of the two LCD Displays as well as from the Blynk server that we can see from anywhere in the world. There will also a camera in front of the robot so we can see the live footage of the old man from anywhere in the world in a web server that we created by ourselves. We can also move the robot anywhere in the house from the server as we join four wheels in it. There are also a unique idea we used in this robot. Here we built 3 buttons where each refer a complete sentence according to patient’s needs. For example, if the patient need water, so a message “I need water” will immediately send to our number by a GSM Module that we used in this robot. There is also an emergency button on which if someone push it, we will got a call which means there is an emergency in the patient’s room. The last feature that we added here is a medicine dispenser system. There are three boxes for medicine. We can put the each time particular medicines for the patient and can set time for remembering the patient to take medicine. When the time arrives, a light will turned on in front of the particular box and a buzzer will sound to remember for taking that box’s medicines. We used four micro-controllers in this robot and they are ESP32, ESP32 Cam, Arduino Uno and Arduino Nano. ESP32 is connected with all the sensors in the robot and it will send the measures to the LCD Displays as well as in the Biynk server. ESP32 Cam is for live monitoring as well as connected with the car motor controlling system. Arduino Uno is connected with the buttons and GSM Module. The last Arduino Nano is connected with clocking system and buzzer for the medicine dispenser system.
